c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.dll
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.pdb
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.deps.json
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.dll
c:\Users\gabri\Documents\GitHub\bcc\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.pdb
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.deps.json
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.dll
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.pdb
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.dll
C:\Users\gabri\Documents\FURB\Computação Gráfica\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\furb-cg-trabalho-final-meinkraft.pdb
